Add example js client, new README (#2)
davidmauskop/temporal-rest-proxy: README.md

# Temporal REST to gRPC Proxy Server

This is a fork of [Temporal's UI
server](https://github.com/temporalio/ui-server) with a new entrypoint at
[rest-proxy/main.go](rest-proxy/main.go). This new entrypoint is a server that
exposes rpcs from the Temporal workflow service as REST API endpoints.
Documentation for these endpoints can be found at
https://temporal-rest-api-docs.onrender.com/. Example usage can be found at
[examples/client-js/index.js](examples/client-js/index.js). This [OpenAPI
schema](server/generated/openapi/service.swagger.json) can be used to generate
client bindings in your language of choice.

## Motivation

In some scenarios it's inconvenient or impossible to use gRPC. For those
scenarios, we'd like the ability to start and interact with Temporal workflows
via REST. In particular, this server is designed to run on
[Render](https://render.com) alongside a [Temporal
cluster](https://github.com/render-examples/temporal). It is meant to support
use cases where there's some application code running outside of Render that

> needs access to a Temporal workflow service running on Render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs access to a Temporal cluster running on Render.
```
